QA:

1. Tell me about the company and the application you have tested as study project.
Ans: 
The application we tested as a study project was EventEzyGo. This application is developed by company ShareVgo LLC.
ShareVgo LLC is Santa Clara, California based company started in Jun 25, 2015. 

EventEzyGo is a Social Networking application which makes events fun and easy.
Following are the few features of EventEzyGo,
1. allows to host and join events.
2. allows to search places/restaurants by specify the location.
3. we can share events on Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Line and others.
4. event reminder are integrated with Phone's Calender.
5. it allows users to manage share rides for events.

EventEzyGo application is available for both Android and iPhone devices. 
It is a native application, available on Google's Play Store and Apple's AppStore.

What you did in EventEzyGo?
Ans:
	As part of EventEzyGo project, I was involved in test planning and test execution phases.
	We identified the environment on which the testing will be perfomed, bug report format to log the bug, bug reporting tool (BugZilla).
	we did exploratory testng,
	we did regression testing by executing the test cases that were already created.
	we performed smoke testing,bug verification,
	wrote test cases for explore component
	reported bugs in bugzilla. we performed Usability testing by how easy the use of application is. 
	did localization testing. 


	
2. Why did you choose QA?
Ans: 
  QA is a very challenging job, sometimes it involves approaches which are not straight forward to break the system.
  After completing my BE, I did a course in Software Testing, after completing the course I was very much interested in QA.

3. What is a software development life cycle? Give an example of it stages.
   Explain each test briefly. At what stage you will join the project?
Ans:
	
4. What documentation did you use on the project? If no documentation, how did you tested?
Ans: No, we did not received any documents regarding EventEzyGo application.
	Our Supervisor provided a document which detailed out our approach for testing.
	This document has following details,
	1. Description of Test Environment
	2. Tools for reporting bugs - BugZilla
	3. Format of Bug Report
	4. A checklist for EventEzyGo application.
	4. The entire EventEzyGo testing was break down to number of Assignments based on the feature.
	   For example, Exploratory Testing, Compatibility Testing, Integration Testing,
	   (Signup, login, profile setting)
	5. Release Notes: 
		- This was required to perform regression testing of EventEzyGo application.
	

5. Define and explain Regression Testing, Build or Acceptance testing. Did you perfom it on your study project? If yes, how?
Ans:
	Regression Testing:
	=> Usually perform whenver a bug is fixed
	=> Or a new feature is added to existing system.
	=> in regression testing we execute existing test cases to ensure that there are no new issue's introduced due to this changes.
	=> as part of this task, we identify which are test cases qualified for regression, usually it is decided by Software Manager based on the impact of the change.
	Build Acceptance Testing:
	=> checks if the new build is acceptable for further testing.
	=> in a system, a set of test cases are identified which captures the most important functionality of the system. 
	=> as part of BAT, we execute this test cases.
	=> if a test case fails, we will reject the build.
	Yes, I did performed regression testing for EventEzyGo application. 
	I performed regression testing based on the release note. The feature for which I was doing regression was Signup.
	
	 
6. Explain how did you perform positive and negative testing on your study project. Give an example.
Ans:
	Positive Testing:
	It is performed to verify that the system meets requirement specification. It checks all the happy path of the system.
	Usually as part of this testing we test system by providing valid data as input.
	
	Negative Testing:
	As part of this testing, we provide invalid data to the system. It checks whether the system behaves as expected on invalid input.
	
	For my study project EventEzyGo application we have requirement for Signup page for User First Name,
	 Max Length is 40
	 No limitation, no preceding spaces or blanks allowed.
	 Copy and paste allowed.
	
	Based on the above requirement of "First User Name", I performed following test cases
	Positive:
	 1. enter all upper case letter, "ABCDEFGH"
	 2. enter all lower case letters "abcdefgh"
	 3. enter only numbers "123456789"
	 5. enter special characters "&*()%#@!~"
	Negative:
	 1. enter characters more than 40, "afkjsadfas....."
	 2. enter spaces in between user name. "asdf asdf asdfsad "
	 3. leave "First Name" empty.
	 4. enter only spaces in user name. "         "
	 
		
7. Who assigns and use bug severity and priority? Did you use it on the project?
Ans:
    It depends entirely on the size of the company. Severity tells us how bad the defect is. Priority tells us how soon it is desired to fix the problem.
	In some companies, the defect reporter sets the severity and the triage team or product management sets the priority. 
	In a small company, or project (or product), particularly where there aren't many defects to track, 
	you can expect you don't really need both since a high severity defect is also a high priority defect.
	For my study project (EventEzyGo),
	As part of the bug report, I have filled the value of Severity only. We did not filled Priority value.
	
8. Write an example of a bug that you found, testing the study project.
Ans:
	

9. Define and explain Test Case. Did you write any test cases on the project.


10. Write three test cases from your project.


Technical:
1. What is relational dB? How would you read data from two related tables( explain and give an example)?
Ans:
	Relational dB
	=> it is a collection of data items organized as a set of tables
	=> each table describes what type of data(using multiple columns) and the data itself(represented as row).
	=> it is invented by IBM.
	Reading data from two related tables.
	
	
2. What is LEFT JOIN? (Explain and give an example)?
Ans:

3. Describe Selenium IDE, Webdriver and Grid. Which one did you use and how?
Ans:

4. How would you identify the following element?
   <inputtype="password" maxlength="8" id="password">
5. Explain the following code. (Webdriver)
   WebDriver myTest = new FirefoxDriver();
   myTest.findElement(By name("first name")).click();
6. Unix: How to search the file for the keyword?
7. Or How to search a file by filename or the part of the filename?